FAQUse: update why anonscore change after sending (to hww) (#1421)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

To avoid any privacy leak, you can use a Ledger hardware wallet in combination with Wasabi as a software interface, and because Wasabi does not leak your addresses, your transaction history is not shared with anyone.

> ### After I coinjoined my coins and reached 100% privacy, I sent them to my hardware wallet address. When I check my HWW via Wasabi, the coins are now a lower anonscore or anonscore 1. Why?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### After I coinjoined my coins and reached 100% privacy, I sent them to my hardware wallet and now the coins have anonscore 1. Why?
```

Everything is working as expected.

> The anonymity score (number) is tied to your wallet that you used to coinjoin, if you send a coinjoined coin to another Wasabi Wallet of yours (hardware wallet or normal wallet) it will have a lower anonscore or an anonscore of 1 because this wallet doesn't know all of the coinjoin history.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The anonymity score (number) is tied to your wallet that you used to coinjoin, if you send a coinjoined coin to another Wasabi Wallet of yours (hardware wallet or normal wallet) it will have an anonscore of 1 because this wallet doesn't know all of the coinjoin history.
```

> You should put a meaningful label when you generate a receive address in your hardware wallet, e.g. "coinjoined private" (something that reminds you that you got this utxo from your Wasabi Wallet and it was coinjoined).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should put a meaningful label when you generate a receive address in your hardware wallet, e.g. "private utxo" (something that reminds you that you got this utxo from your Wasabi Wallet and it was coinjoined).
```

:::tip
It can happen that a coin maintains (some of) it's anonscore after receiving from an other wallet.

> Because it knows this from the other wallet.

Reviewer: Hmmm idk about this, how does it work?

Author: idk how it works, but it happens

Reviewer: @BTCparadigm Do you have any idea about this?

Reviewer 2: Nope. 
@MarnixCroes do you know how to repro?

Author: coinjoin and then send to hww.

it has something to do with interoperability of anonscore between wallets.
i.e. when you open an other hot wallet it might (temporarily) decrease anonscore of an other wallet

Reviewer: I wouldn't mention this, that might be an issue not a feature.
